# Management-and-Control-of-Network-components
! The disk images couldn't be uploaded due to their big size  !
#
#
Using VMware workstation
I started to create two vm pcs present in the same network and I applied the ping command to test the connectivity between them to make sure that I had applied the network adapter on each machine.
- After that I started to configure the firewall (Fortigate) while assigning it on port 1 an ip address of ... as well as a subnet mask of ... so that I can use this ip address to connect at the fortigate using my web browser and configure and monitor it graphically (GUI) while specifying that my computer (host) and the fortigate are part of the same network (NAT)
-After this step was completed, I had to create two pc each in a different network from the other so necessarily with two ip addresses in two different domains and add to one of these networks a web server which will communicate with one of these PCs to send it an HTTP web page. To achieve this task, I had to add two virtual networks VMNAT 10 and VMNAT 11 with their respective IP addresses ... to then assign them to the PCs and the web server. For the PC in VMNAT 10 I gave it the ip address .... with a gateway of ... and the PC in VMNAT 11 I gave it the IP address ... with a gateway of ... as well as the WEB server with the IP address ... with a gateway of ... .
Now that I had defined the components in each network, I had to let them connect together, this task could be done using the fortigate where I had to implement the interfaces as shown in the figure:... .
Now I had to implement the firewall policies so that these networks could effectively communicate together: I had to create two policies, one from vlan2 to vlan3 and vice versa, while specifying the source IP address and the destination IP address and which service to apply to this law, the NAT option had to be added using outgoing interface as well as log allowed traffic for all sessions. I performed a connectivity test using the ping command to make sure the networks are connected successfully.
Now that the routers are connected together and each network can communicate with each other, I had to configure the web server to communicate the HTTP request to the PC in VMNAT 11. How to configure Apache HTTP server on Windows: https://www.youtube. com/watch?v=1326zewpdqI. After that I sent an HTTP request to the webserver in the same network to make sure it was working and then I sent an HTTP request from the other network and it worked.
At the beginning the fortigate was not connected to the internet so I connected it correctly by creating the firewall policies and by creating a static route so that the other components can also connect to it through the fortigate.
I created a second fortigate playing the role of HA to form an HA cluster and I made sure that the two fortigates were well synchronized
FortiADC can be in the same network as the servers connected to the intranet and internet and between them a WAF. I created a second server based on windows 10 by cloning the previous server and changing its ip address. I then assigned an ip management to the FORTIADC in order to configure it using the gui on the internet explorer, I then created the interfaces 192.168.11.10 (VMNAT 11) and 192.168.226.10 (NAT to connect to the internet), create a static route 0.0.0.0 with a gateway.... for .... . Then I assigned the real servers that I created on vmware and I assigned them both to a real server pool with the following configurations... in order to create a virtual server which would contain the data of the two servers simultaneously (LOAD balancing) to which I assigned the following different configurations... and I tested its ip address on one of the vm server machines to make sure it works.
